what's up guys and welcome to the FIFA
experiment once again there's going to
be episode 2 and soon i think tomorrow
i'll be bringing you guys the pack
version where we're going to be seeing
how many packs it takes us to get in
form so that'd be pretty cool but yeah
if you are looking to buy some fifa 14
coins go and check out the fifa shop
credit UK they're very fast and reliable
source to buy your Quinn's from all the
links be down in description below and
you can actually get an extra five
percent off using the discount code jack
54 HD so I asked you guys to get
involved as well what if you guys you
know sort of send me your videos about
you know some kind of stuff that you've
done which he thinks amazing for example
I asked yesterday in my video who has
got a clip of them scoring the fastest
goal and I will I think let everyone i
will make a competition about this to
see you can score the first fastest goal
of course they're only going to be
ultimate team because otherwise i think
you know people could potentially just
use sliders and suffer that i don't know
when that happening but ultimate team
from what for my knowledge you can't use
sliders so i will play this clip now it
is actually the fastest goal that i've
personally seen and it's from a
subscriber which makes absolutely
amazing is in 36 seconds feet for time
which I feel like is absolutely
incredible if you realize how far starch
the timer goes in the top left hand
corner so we're gonna play it now as you
can see it from the start now right I'd
seen here is literally just about set to
kick off and it's actually with react as
well we does a nice little rainbow flick
and then and second then a half fully
and just goes straight it i think the
keeper condor came out a little bit and
it just goes straight into the top
right-hand corner even if the keyboards
on his line I really don't believe he
would have saved that so we have the
replay again now nice little rainbow
flick lets it bounced and then bang
straight off though on the on the half
bully and the keeper literally as a
nothing to do with that and you can tell
it's altima team because of the team
names at the top left hand side they are
let me just check them now they are fus
and spm and for my knowledge there's no
team with them a kind of
you know initials for that Club on FIFA
so if you want to see more videos like
this guy's then be sure to leave a like
if you have done any of yourself and I
have been sent a fastest hat trick which
is pretty amazing and so far and what
want to do I'm gonna get involved this
as well obviously I'm not going to be
the commentator so I'm gonna you know
when i get my father's go i'll enter it
into the competition as well and then
i'll put like an ABCD a enf of your guys
like favorite fastest goal and then the
winner will win like 50k or some of that
will be quite cool may let me know if
you'd like some ideas that I've just you
know shown you so thanks watching guys
have a nice day hope you enjoyed the
video and peace feel the breeze rushing
pass I say